music neg 241.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
books neg 729.txt i have introduced many of my ell , high school students to lois lowery and the depth of her characters . she is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds . i was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this january . although the series is written for 6th graders and older , this book 's simplicity , in its message , language and writing style will inspire no one . i am sadly disappointed 
books pos 278.txt anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point 
dvd pos 840.txt i loved these movies , and i cant wiat for the third one ! very funny , not suitable for chilren 
camera neg 715.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
books neg 120.txt first off i 'd like to tell you that this is only the second star wars book i 've ever read , ' jedi search ' being the first . i actually liked the first book , it drew upon the star wars lore well and was a decent read . however , this book made me groan in so many places that i felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it ( be warned , this may contain a few spoilers ) . thusly : how much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions ? it reminds me of a ' little britain ' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the bible out to make up the space ! i do n't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point ! for some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to ' ground ' the story by constantly relating to the star wars films . for example , when wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there , he says something along the lines of : i was actually in the cantina in mos eisley when luke met han and chewbacca , little did i know the brush i had with history there... . gahhhhhhh ! ! ! why ! ? how did he know ! ? it did n't need it ! ! *bangs head on desk* he does this throughout the two books i 've read so far ! ! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without ' proving ' that it 's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films ? then there 's admiral daala . made an admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking... . so what is she doing in this ? she 's reviewing recordings of speeches given by tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing ! it 's only the end of the second book and she 's down to 1 star destroyer ! she should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens . ( i.e. the rebellion win ) he then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea , that of having a jedi academy ( the point of the trilogy ! ) . there 's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the jedi , but no - he has the jedi go two-by-two into the forest ( holding hands ? ) to *sense* things.. . it 's meant to be a sci-fi series ! something could have been done to make this so much better ! i was incensed to find that luke was actually made ' boring ' in this book . part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how luke had grown . it all started very promisingly in the first book , having learnt that luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever ! ( cool ! i thought ) . it got to the stage where i 'd dread coming back to the jedi parts of the story because he was so dull . the other trainee jedi needed serious character development ( they were 1 dimensional ! ) - entering every scene with luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just was n't good enough . as other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue , somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre ( great idea btw ! ! we need more of that ! ) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters.. . and luke just meditates about it ! ? *grr* okay all that being said it was ' okay ' and on the strength of the first book i will be reading the next book ( it 's like a car accident - you 've just got to look ! ) . 
health pos 80.txt this is a very good shaver for the private area . however , the key to getting the best results is to trim the longer hairs with scissors or the largest guard first . this will keep the shaver from pulling on the longer hairs and will enable the foil part of the shaver to work . the foil will not be able to do its job if the hairs are too long . the only problem i had with the shaver was that it did not enable me to shave my back like it claimed . however , i use the ' mangroomer ' back shaver for this and it is perfect for you to shave off all your back hair easily with its elongated handle . it is a great product as well . therefore , i would have to say these two products coupled together seem to cover all the bases for men 's grooming on the body . i would highly recommend both of them for perfect manscaping results 
books neg 816.txt not even worth finishing this book ! this author does not know enough to even write this book ! i have personal connections with blackwater and i know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be . it is a one sided story not based on facts , which it what most writers do , but purely fiction ! the only few misfortunes blackwater has had is what he bases his book on , not the postive stories that i hear about everyday . do n't waste your money 
books pos 904.txt if you 're intimidated by tolstoy or dostoevsky 's long masterpieces , consider starting instead with turgenev 's " fathers and sons . " this book is of course a masterpiece of russian literature . it 's characters and themes are timeless and absolutely relatable to our modern culture . this is a story of family relationships , romance , and philosophy . highly recommended . p.s. when you 're done here , try " war and peace " or at least " crime and punishment . 
dvd pos 490.txt martin short is priceless in this movie - i enjoyed every minute . 
books neg 272.txt as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration . 
health pos 153.txt i just got my first case of this fabric softener last week and yesterday , i was walking downstairs when the smell of lavender hit me - i was surprised because i had n't sprayed any lavender freshener in the air , when i realized that my boyfriend was doing a load of laundry . like seventh generation 's lavender laundry detergent , i love this product - if you use them in tandem , not only do your clothes smell like *real* lavender ( not the chemically-based smells of mainstream products ) , but they come out clean and soft . i especially like the lavender smell for my sheets and blankets and it 's gentle enough to use on my baby 's clothes , too ! i love that it 's made with natural products and real lavender essential oil . it 's also safe for my septic system , so i 'm sold on this product . if you 're sensitive to the chemical-based scents of the mainstream fabric softeners or ca n't find one that smells good to you , try this one ! 
music neg 204.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house 
health neg 309.txt i like the idea , but the slippers just are n't comfortable to stand on . it 's great while you are sitting , though 
camera neg 766.txt the s9000 fits perfectly in the case . too bad the case has no strap and no belt loop . apparently , the camera strap is supposed to function as the case strap also . too bad the camera strap is extremely short , made for very small people . so , instead of returning it and using a generic case that would not protectthe camera as well , i will adapt the case to work for me . i will get a bigger aftermarket strap for the camera . i can take the case to my seamstress and have a belt loop sewn on . it will work but only after extensive modification . great camera design so it 's odd that the case appears to have been designed by someone who has never used a camera before 
camera pos 859.txt outstanding camera in every respect . i 've owned several digital cameras in recent years ( sony & nikon ) . the n2 's giant 3 " lcd , the touch screen features , lens optics , and overall ease of use top any of my previous cameras . i use it for both land and underwater photography and it performs flawlessly . good job sony 
camera neg 239.txt my cannon died the day before my daughters birthday so i ran out and tried a bunch of cameras in the morning and bought one . although this camera is 6 mp , my 3.0 cannon took much clearer pictures . i have had this camera for 9 months and i am sending it in for the second time for repair . first the power button stopped working , and then on easter ( something about holidays ) all of the functions of the buttons switched . when i pushed delete , the menu came up . even the mode selector was n't working . it was reviewing the pictures in all three modes . i will say that sony support online is very helpful , but i need something more reliable . i am done with this camera 
camera pos 563.txt i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great 
camera pos 6.txt i believe this is one of the best lens for about $1000. forget about zoom lenses even if they are l . this lens is far better than 70-200l in my opinion . it is very sharp at f2 and even more sharp at f2.5. with zoom lenses you have to set to f / 5.6 for better result and f / 8 to match this lens . it is very well built but not excessive heavy , come with hood and bag , but unfortunately , canon have decided to remove the hard cases for all the l lenses . combined with a tamron 1.4x teleconverter this lens provide very good optical quality on par with any zoom l lenses at 189mm focal length . yes i know i lost the convenience of a 70-200 zoom lens . but i am really happy that i decide to change the plan of buying a 70-200is to 135 / 2l+1.4x . this not only saves me the money but also let me to get better pictures , especially at wide open . better portrait lenses , like 200 / 1.8 and 300 / 2.8 , would cost several thousands of dollars . trust me , once you play with primes , you will not like zoom anymore . i am also using a 24-70l to shoot my small kid . after using this lens , i do n't like it anymore and thinking about change to primes someday , the only reason preventing me doing that is the 1.6x crop factor of digital camera . a 35mm / 1.4l will become 56mm which is really not good . order from amazon with free shipping even though it says not in stock . they shipped mine in 2 days and this happened before even though item stated " in stock soon " . pros : very sharp at f2 and super sharp start from f2.5. very fast lens with f / 2 very good bokeh ( background blurring ) . overall extremely good picture quality with good contrast / color . smaller size , less weight and black color compare to those white 70-200s . it is a l lens : best build quality , fast / quiet ring usm af with ftm . cons : no hard case . no inexpensive . effective focal length is 216mm on 10d / 20d / rebel / 300d which is a little difficult to use for portrait 
music pos 233.txt low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams 
books neg 598.txt easily the worst textbook i encountered during my undergraduate years . unfocused , sparse , and almost completely lacking example problems . riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely , leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life . i 'm not a big fan of the book by seborg et al . either , but if you have to choose between the two , go with seborg 
software pos 439.txt our photo and video editing softwares were both very basic and " old " , so we decided to upgrade a couple of months ago . after reading many reviews on different bundles , we decided to get the adobe photoshop elements 5.0 premiere elements 3.0 bundle . we 've played around with the premiere elements a bit , and it 's really awesome . much better than the pinnacle studio 8 we had before . all the basic functions are easy to use and very intuitive , though we have n't gone and figured out the more advanced features yet . the photoshop elements is a wonderful tool , as well . we recently had to scan in a lot of old pictures ( as in 20+ year old b / w photographs ) . they needed a lot of touching up , and elements 5.0 worked wonderfully for that . i could adjust the lighting and sharpening , fix the colors and scratches , and the pictures turned out amazing . you 'd never be able to tell they were scanned images from such old photographs . the program is also very intuitive . i could do all the things i wanted to do without having to read the manual . of course , i 'm still just touching on the surface of what all is possible , and i plan on reading the manual and studying the program in more detail once i have the time to do so , but for what i need right now , it 's easy to use and does a good job . there are only two things i have to comment on that i do n't like about the adobe bundle , and they are the reason why i 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. 1. the stated minimum requirements for this bundle are 512mb ram . that 's what we had on our computer , and while the program worked , it was so painfully slow that it was n't feasible to really use it . we ended up upgrading to 1gb , and it 's been working great since . so if you have less than 1gb ram , make sure you upgrade before getting this software ! 2. the red-eye fix in photoshop elements , or lack thereof . there is an auto red-eye fix , but it does n't work very well . it finds red eyes in all kinds of places , just not where they actually are . sometimes it covers half the face , sometimes only half of the eye , etc. etc. etc. there is an option to manually show the program where the red eye is , but it still does n't work right . maybe there 's another trick i have n't found out about yet , but as of right now , i usually give the fix tool a shot , and if it does n't work i take the picture back into my old editing software and fix the red eye there . i 'm really very disappointed with this , as fixing red eyes is something you have to do quite frequently when editing pictures . overall , the software has been very easy and fun to work with , even for an amateur like me . :o ) if adobe can adjust the minimum requirements recommendation and fix the red-eye fix tool , it 's going to definitely deserve 5 points 
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
books neg 314.txt i bought bead fantasies and bead fantasies ii at the same time after reading the positive reviews ; i wish i had looked at these books before buying . there are pretty motifs that i will incorporate into my beading projects but i find the small typed directions overly simplistic and the diagrams are too small . i 'm glad this is n't my first beading book or i would feel totally discouraged from trying any of these projects . i wo n't be buying bead fantasies iii . the art and elegance of beadweaving and coraling technique remain my favorite beading books . 
dvd neg 448.txt the presentation of computer enhanced b&w images that in some cases were sort of new added limited value to my extensive video library , legacy of my father . however , the aural commentary of brannagh was repetitive and boring , each episode basically repeated the same 6+ octagenarian survivors exact same comments and reflections . 
health neg 544.txt i am suppose to be receiving a refund because i have done sent it back but i have not heard anything from ya 'll 
dvd pos 94.txt james , you wrote : " ben is weak , immature , a stalker , lazy , has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable to tell his parents no when they ask him to wear a scuba suit for their family friends . wow ! revolutionary film-making...not ! " yes , ben was weak , immature , and had bad taste in women . his learning to overcome his weakness , immaturity , bad taste in women , and then defy his family and elaine 's family was his coming of age story . that was the point of the movie . it went right over your head ! the acting was dead on and the subject matter was shocker when it came out ! how could you not love this movie ? maybe you need to grow up a little to see the value . watch it again in a few years . i think you will change your low opinion of this great classic movie over time . 
camera pos 30.txt i shoot with a canon 20d and have used the canon ef 75-300mm f / 4.5-5.6 iii usm lens . i 've always noticed the limitations of this lens when shooting amateur softball . i reviewed the lens lineup at the canon website and decided on the canon ef 100-400mm f / 4.5-5.6l usm lens . the 100-400mm is a great lens , but it can be a bit soft . for that reason i decided to add the canon ef 70-200mm 2.8 / f is usm telephoto zoom lens to my lens collection . this is a serious lens meant for serious photographers . being an l lens , there is a lot of features and is manufactured with better materials with a high level of dust and moisture resistance . the construction is sturdy and consists of 23 elements in 18 groups . the four super ud-glass elements largely eliminate the secondary spectrum reducing residual chromatic aberration . an improved 8-blade circular aperture offers a more pleasing out-of-focus image . the canon ef 70-200mm lens weighs in at about 3.24 lbs / 1 , 470 g , and accepts 77mm filters with a minimal focusing distance of 4.3 ft / 1.3 m. this lens is compatible with the extenders 1.4x ii and 2x ii . be sure to get a good quality uv haze filter to protect the front lens element . being white , this lens looks a bit strange , but helps keep it stay cool when shooting in the sun . some people are concerned that being white , it attracts attention to criminals . from my experience , my 20d attracts attention regardless of what lens i put on it . in addition , i most likely have a camera bag and tripod / monopod with me to further attract attention . i personally doubt a thief looking for something to steal is taking the time to evaluate the cost of the item and are more concerned with the ease of taking something they can unload . i try to make things difficult for would be thieves and have insurance as a back up . the dual is system has two modes . mode 1 is for stationary subjects while mode two is for moving subjects . it is recommended that the is function is not used on a tripod ; however i have used it on my monopod with success . the is helps to eliminate camera shake and helps stabilize the lens when shooting from a moving vehicle . while there are limitations to what the is can do , it can give you a few extra stops . just keep in mind , the is attempts to eliminate camera movement , not the movement of the subject being photographed . this lens permits for auto or manual focus depending on how the switch is set . there is also a switch to shift from a 1.4m / 4.6ft to infinity or 2.5m / 8.2ft to infinity . included with this lens are the tripod mount , lens hood , and storage case . the tripod mount is the best option to use when mounting to a tripod . this helps to balance the load . mounting the camera instead creates an unbalanced set up that may topple over . the case is a zippered soft case ( lz1324 ) that can also be purchased separately . the lens hood ( et-86 ) is used to reduce lens flare and can protect the front element in certain situations . often times , amazon recommends purchasing the lens case and hood , however they are normally included with the lens . the canon ef 70-200mm is such an awesome lens , it almost fails to compare to the canon ef 75-300mm . the canon 100-400mm lens is a well used option for me , but the clarity and sharpness of the 70-200mm is lens is more refined . the auto-focus is quiet and quick . this lens can be used for portraits , landscape , sports or as a general walk about lens . the f / 2.8l combined with the is makes this a good option for certain low light situations . the features add creative versatility . the canon ef 70-200mm is lens comes at a price , but it is worth every bit of it . pros : incredible clarity and sharpness quiet and quick auto-focus features add creative versatility dual is system cons : heavy and bulky ( this should be expected with these types of lenses 
dvd neg 45.txt ashley judd 's ( normal life , the locusts ) husband , played by jim caviezel ( the passion of the christ , frequency ) gets arrested and put on the guilty bench for a slaughter in el salvador a bunch of years ago . so , judd hires the always superb morgan freeman ( unleashed , million dollar baby ) to help her out on the case and to find out the truth while she tries to get her husband out of imprisonment . judd then has threats on her life after . the opening sequence pulls you in , the thrills are a mixed bag ( car crash scene for example was good ) and the outcome , well , i really saw coming anyway . ashley judd 's thrid thriller but its her second one with a murderous manipulative husband ( double jeopardy ) . twisted and kiss the girls had a killer running after her or playing games with her noggin . also starring bruce davison ( x-men , dahmer ) , amanda peet ( the whole nine yards , the whole ten yards ) and tom bower ( die hard 2 
music neg 981.txt this is by far the worst kmfdm release.. . no esch , no schulz , just sascha and skold messin around with a little pig. . at first listen this album is not bad but once you get used to it , this album is really boring. . dirty , skurk , and preach / pervert are really the only songs worth listening to . i was embarrased to listen to " risen " . it was just lyrically horrible i do n't know what 's wrong with them . now in skold 's defense , he is a badass , his voice is cool and he 's a good writer his solo album is good . but we had him in symbols , adios , mdfmk , and attak it was just a bit much . this album is bland at times good and most times pretty bland . not what you think when you think kmfdm , though urban monkey warfare is still cool.. . whatever i am one guy buty it , if you like awesome , if not sorry. . 
software pos 744.txt i have been a word perfect user for years , but found i could not open files that were received from professional organizations and attorneys . that was the reason for purchasing microsoft works . this has been a great asset for our business . thank yo 
health pos 354.txt this is the best invention yet . i could not believe how warm and smooth the cream felt . what a difference from cold cream to warm cream . the cream itself was smoother and yes , buttery ! i love this , this is my best investment yet 
software neg 393.txt before using colorvision spyder2 my monitor was calibrated with the free adobe gamma program installed as part of adobe photoshop . my monitor looked great and the photos i printed looked great too . the colors were spot on . after using spyder2 express my monitor looks worse . my monitor appears dim , the color temperature is too warm and colors look green and dull . if i had known it was going to ruin my already great looking monitor i would n't have wasted my time . my hope was that it would make my monitor look better , not worse . i am not at all satisfied with this product would n't recommend buying it . instead try adobe gamma or look for other free monitor calibration software tools online 
books neg 52.txt this book was on a very interseting topic . the author took time in studying this topic . it was about the impending world oil shortage . that is the time when we , the world , will run out of oil . it tells you about hubbert 's analysis of the time or year when the world will run out of oil . they then talk about a lot of other things like where oil comes from . then they talk about where oil is . they also talk about drilling for oil . they say it takes people over 20 drills to find oil . sometimes it will take even more time then that . then they talk about the size of oil fields . they also reexamine hubbert 's analysis later on in the book . rate plots is brought up because the more people driving the less oil we will have in the future . they talk about the future to fossil fuels and discuss elctricity and natural gases . they also talk about how much we already have so when oil runs out we need to think about all the stuff we already have . hubbert was a brilliant man . some gas companys tried to make him stay quiet but he did n't want to he told everybody . the author was ver knowledgable and i could tell he knew what he was talking about . i would n't recommend this book to anybody unless they are very smart and want to know about the impending world oil shortage . i say again the author took time in studying this topic but that was his downfall in that he went into to much depth and made it boring . when you read it you can tell the author knew what he was talking about but he got to much into detail which is very boring . i gave it a low rating because i have a short attenion span so it was hard enough for me to make it through this book 
software neg 681.txt i have a recently purchased acrobat 8.0 professional . it installed fine on my new vista machine , although it cites only office 2003 products . but i have ms office 2007. after installation ( and reinstallation ) no acrobat conversion options show on ms word , and when trying to use acrobat directly for an ms word file conversion it first reinstalls itself , and then reports that the word file ( i have tried several ) is corrupt . i now have to ask colleagues with older software to do my pdf conversion . i could not find out if or when adobe plans to be compatible with vista and office 2007 
software pos 647.txt word space for the other language is not work performed or designed . for english ok ! work 's good 
software neg 512.txt i have a 3.2 ghz , 2 gb , pc , clearly ready for vista . after running the compatibility wizard and uninstalling all the software that would conflict ( even the optional conflicts the second time around ) , they told me it would install , yet , it didn't . after an hour of installing , it tells me the installation fails and restores xp . i realise that mine is an isolated case , but it 's typical microsoft . if you want something that works , buy a mac 
software neg 129.txt i 'm holding on the phone right now trying to get support for this product . there is no 800 number for tech-support , so it 's a long distance call . i have had the same issue for over a month and still have not been transferred to a tech support person . they offer only email support , but do n't write back . if you call them on the phone they tell you a support person will call you , but it never happens 
camera pos 25.txt this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close 
dvd pos 168.txt i 'm told by fellow film enthusiasts that buuel 's later films do not show this spanish master at his best , that his earliest films- --his famous collaborations with salvador dal , for instance- --show an edgier , more fascinating buuel . whatever . i saw his 1974 film the phantom of liberty for the first time recently , and i immediately fell in love with it . there are those who swear by his more popular 1972 oscar-winner the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie , but somehow i think the phantom of liberty is even more entertaining than discreet charm . there is no plot to speak of in phantom : this film is basically a collection of surrealist sketches that finds buuel playing with all kinds of different ideas and different images . monks pray for a woman 's sick father , and then play poker with the woman and smoke . a group of people sit around a dinner table on toilets , and go to the bathroom to eat in private . two parents desperately try to find their missing daughter- --even though she 's right there in class when they call her name . in the universe buuel concocts in the phantom of liberty , anything goes . the amazing thing about this movie is that , instead of seeming like an irrational series of surrealistic sketches , the phantom of liberty has a broad theme to support its free-form structure : it 's buuel 's comic vision of freedom run amuck . sure , the idea of liberty is appealing to everyone...but , as buuel seems to be suggesting , even freedom has its limits . the opening scene of the movie is set in toledo , spain in 1808 , as napoleon 's troops attempt to liberate the spanish and are greeted with cries of " down with liberty ! " there can be times when we want the assurance of authority , rather than the freedom to act in whatever way we please . buuel does n't take a stand one way or the other , really ; he 's just an artist who is intrigued by the idea , and his interest fuels the free-form structure of the film , and its content . almost anything and everything he can think of- --within the bounds , i suppose , of the same themes he covered throughout his long and illustrious film career- --is thrown into this movie , and while some viewers may perhaps prefer the comfort of a movie with some structure , i found its elegant chaos exhilarating . only a master filmmaker who had absolute confidence in what he was doing would dare make a movie like this . i think buuel pulls it off triumphantly here ; somehow , he makes the movie seem almost logical , the way it progresses . the phantom of liberty is a sheer delight . highly recommended 
health neg 765.txt shaker is adequate for breaking down whey , but it leaks . i always have to wash my hands and the outside of the bottle after making anything with it 
books neg 204.txt this book is undoubtedly very good value for a birding handbook ( certainly by european standards ) . but the physical packaging is a total disaster . it has a ridiculously rigid spine and tiny page margins . it is difficult to read text near the spine , and virtually impossible to keep the book open on a particular page . the most unuseable book i 've ever experienced 
books neg 627.txt this book is a cure for insomnia . if i ever have trouble falling to sleep , i 'll just dig out my old " flatland " book , and i 'll probably be fast asleep a few minutes later ! listening to the a . square character telling us about his flat , two dimensional world is not thought provoking , its just confusing ! trying to imagine life in two dimensions is truely mind numbing . i mean i understand what flatland would be like , but only after i carefully think out what mr. square is saying . i spent more time trying to comprehend the two dimensional reality of flatland than i do enjoying the story . not very interesting at all , even two stars is being generous 
software pos 496.txt zonealarm by checkpoint is one the best programs for protecting yourself . it is better than norton internet suite 
music neg 65.txt i love to hear old standards and such . but i like to hear people who put their own take on it . i ca n't stand to hear cheesy big band arrangements with some frank sinatra wannabe . where are the male versions of nora jones ? tone down the cheese ! we need more people like sophisticated shirley horn and betty carter ( not hams like buble , dusk , or boring singers like diana krall . but what can i expect from the music industry ? rarely do the best song-stylists get lots of attention . so , hmmm , nevermind . i guess it 's always been that way 
camera pos 857.txt i recently purchased this camera and i 'm loving it . as a whole it 's very easy to use and carry . i 'm a college student going into photograpy and this is a great starter camera . i have a feeling this one is going to be with me for a very long time 
health pos 911.txt i am a busy architect and this is the 2nd pair of clics i own . if you are active and need reading glasses they are perfect . their only drawback is that they take two hands to put on ! i 'd look at slimming down the frames to make them less heavy and trimmer . lastly ~ i 've found these readers to be really rugged and good for outdoor use 
health pos 944.txt the chair has simple pre-set programs ( i basically use only the full-body massage ) , but also allows for designing your own massage by choosing specific movements and massage area . of course it is not the same as a real massage and not as good as the $2 , 500 chairs , but offers a great way to relax your back muscles at a great value 
dvd pos 215.txt having visited st. petersburg , russia a year ago , i could not pass up the chance to watch this movie . i must say , it was nicely done . i can relate to the obnoxious , business like brother...who happily did not go with me on my trip . i was more like the care-free younger brother , but not quite so care-free as the character protrayed . the scenery was awesome...all the fantastic architecture of those magnificent buildings and sculptures were in the movie...although i wish there were more because the city is full of beauty . and this goes for the women as well ! ! i mainly went to see the city...but i also went there as a very confirmed bachlor to meet a lady that i planned would be my travel companion . what i did n't expect was to really fall in love : - ) . the big reason why i confirmed myself to be a life time bacholar was my exposure to american women...as if explained in the additional extras on the dvd...but the russian lady that i met there and the culture of her up-bringing quickly changed my way of thinking ! ! one thing i should add though . the movie gave the impression that you can take her home with you when you go back to the states yourself . such is not the case . it takes paperwork and a lot of patience to get her here...expect at least 8 months , but it is more like a year . it is time consuming to get her a us visa . but she was worth the wait for me and if you want a life long partner and lover , the wait is worthwhile . another word of caution : prepare yourself to fall in love with russia...the people are very nice and i know of a lot of americans who go there quite often to visit and re-visit...some even live there now 
music neg 407.txt just like in my other review i ca n't figure out the madness over these guys . i will ask in this post as well for somebody to actually explain to me why they should be heard and are relevant in a creative way . honestly people you ca n't call these guys artists . an artist creates something from a idea or two these guys take those ideas and just lump them together . it 's as simple as that . and to top it of they do n't have the chops as musicians to be relevant in that form either . a comment like " they rock " or " the lead singer is soooo hot " are n't examples of a great artist or band . from the dates of the last post my words might be in vain , kind of like the validity of this record . because there has n't been a post on here for two years . if a fan of banking benjamins does stumble upon this post i invite you to check out my other reviews , and checkout some relevant and great music 
books pos 46.txt this book , styron 's finest , is about redemption . heralded by the epigraph from john donne , the intricately structured tale with its marlowian manipulations of narrative points of view soon becomes so enthralling that it 's impossible to put down . but it 's also to styron 's great credit that the novel 's theme , redemption through confrontation with death and violence , is reflected through its feverish style . there are not many books in the postwar era , and none in the united states , that have such a non-moralistic but intensely moral character and impact . echoes of the greek tragedians ( several times evoked in the text ) and of dostoyevski abound . finally , the crucial role by the most-fleshed out non-expatriate character , a philosophical italian small-town cop named luigi , elevates the moral drama to a metaphysical dimension that most contemporary writers do n't even seem to understand , let alone approach . it 's a shame that styron has not received the nobel prize yet 
books pos 451.txt " i have shooting pains in my upper left arm . " said the pilot to brian . brian is the main character in the book hatchet . this book would be for someone who likes survival in the wilderness or even just survival . i like this book because i am into this type of writing . i think gary paulson is a very intelegant man because.....who could have thought of a book about a boy who his plain crashes into the canadian wilderness and.............do you think he survived the wilderness ? .........he does survive the wilderness ! submitted by : peanut ! 
health pos 272.txt having tried most all energy drinks , i can honestly say this one is different . guru picks me up gradually yet does not drop me down as though my wings have been clipped . one at noon and i 'm good to go for the rest of the day . plus , i do n't go home and kick the dog ! the taste is not sugary and at about $1.40 a can ( free shipping ) the price speaks for itself 
books neg 197.txt each story has a different author...however they all use the same verbage . their either all friends or the same person . i do not like this book nor does my husband 
dvd pos 973.txt i became a robson green fan when i saw the first season of wire in the blood . since then , i have read the books , and watched green in his other crime series , touching evil . if you like to watch films about police solving serial killer crimes , you will enjoy this . the crimes are shocking , the denouement is interesting , and at the heart of the story is the developing relationship between dr. tony hill ( green ) and the police woman with whom he works these crimes 
dvd neg 59.txt the casting for this production could scarcely be better ( of particular note is the harrowing performance of judi dench ) and it 's one of shakespeare 's best plays . that said , this film of a production on stage does n't quite carry the viewer 's interest for the entire play . there are times when the actors seem downright pretentious ; you feel as if they 're tellings us , " we know how deep this is so appreciate it , please . " that 's too bad since " macbeth " is a work thriving with intense imagination with a few hallucinations thrown in so it should invite a great film . sadly , this relatively slow-moving production is n't it . there are , of course , wonderful moments with mackellan and particularly dench ( no one plays the scene where lady macbeth goes crazy better than dame judi ) . i just do n't know if that alone makes this a worthwhile purchase . for my money , kurosawa 's " throne of blood " is a far better choice . 
software pos 468.txt i 've been using turbotax since 1999. we run two small companies and my background is in accounting . hence , i have a very hard time giving someone else my bookkeeping and taxes to do , since i really have a hard time letting go of the control ! ( i 've really got to get over that ! ! ) each year , it seems that turbotax does nothing but improve ! i typically delay until the last minute and cram it all in on april 14 , and if it was n't for the simplicity fo this software , i 'd be filing extentions every year . really , gathering all your stuff together is the hardest part . this software does everything else for you . 
health pos 212.txt when i found out that contradiction was no longer going to be sold in the us i thought i would never find this again . it 's my boyfriend 's favorite cologne and i was determined to find it . thanks to amazon , he has his sexy scent back . lo 
software pos 402.txt this study bible is absolutely wonderful if you are ready to dig deeper . you could literally spend hours on a single chapte 
music neg 667.txt i saw this movie ' cause i was interested to see cathy rigby , " who was born to play peter pan " . i hated it a lot . so , now i am in a high school production of peter pan , and i happend to see the mary martin version , and the mary martain cd . i loved it ! then i realized that ' peter pan ' is not a bad musical at all . cathy rigby and the " crew " were making it bad . i have no idea why they think cathy rigby is the greatest thing since sliced bread . do n't believe them . she isn't . she sounded like she was a stuiped little brat that just wanted to rot the rest of his [her] time just sitting in a dark corner carving forks while on the other hand , mary martain sounds all cheerful , fun , and real . i reccomend mary martain 's video and cd . i say no more 
software neg 661.txt the major flaw with this product is that it 's not clear which version of office you can upgrade from . note : it does not work with office sbe ! ! various sources say various things , even the microsoft site is n't helpful 
software pos 159.txt i have been using v.7 from the last week or so and i am very pleased with it . it loads very fast ( unlike all other adobe versions ) , the conversion to pdf from doc or ppt files also is much quicker . i have not encountered any problems yet , but its only been 7 days since i am using it. . definitely worth the upgrade 
books pos 852.txt i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s. lewis as a tutor , and i 've read some of lewis 's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i 'm surprised this is n't a very popular book , as it ought to be . i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it 's a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e. references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like " jive " , etc. ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires 's criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies . however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires 's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book . superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today 
dvd pos 571.txt this was a great movie i really enjoyed it . the story was unique and the acting was great .i thought it was the best ghost story i have seen 
software neg 544.txt i used this software to do a scrapbook for my mother for her birthday . first of all the software takes up a huge amount of space ! like 1600mb . the program is so slow and i have a relatively new computer . after about 4 pages in one file it becomes impossible to work with and then crashes . i had two files - 6 pages - crash and the work was gone . all the work gone . the text editor will add typos and put in and take out spaces . sometimes it works great other times you have to restart your computer . once it added bright green lines where i had added all of the embellishments to the page - everything other than the background . i had to redo it . piece of junk ! but what does print on a color laser - do n't try it with inkjet - looks great 
dvd pos 816.txt this movie is perfect for people in their 40ies and / or 50ies . it just hits the bullseye . lean back and enjoy the ride 
camera pos 871.txt this is a quality bag for the price . it is a little small and tight for the nikon coolpix 8700 
software neg 53.txt 1. you ca n't print on anything over 8.5x14 paper . useless if you want to review your house to any standard scale . 2. i bought this thinking that it would be better than my 1993 version 3.0 of broderbund 3d home architect . it turns out that this is exactly the same software ! i strongly recommend looking for something better 
health neg 621.txt the brush completely feel apart prior to using it . i sent a review to the company with no response . the wooden back fell off of the handle and then the loofah fell off of the backing . if i would have had some response from the company offering some recourse i would not have been this dissatisfied 
books pos 453.txt i did enjoy this book as it was my first introduction to magnet therapy . this is a topic that i intend to explore much further too . it was very helpful and gave good information 
dvd pos 107.txt one of the movies i like to watch over and over . jessica tandy played a great character in this movie . my order came real quick 
dvd pos 223.txt this dvd along with her 2 international albums " pure " and " odyssey " are best stress reduction kits available in the market . slip this in a dvd player and in a matter of minutes stress level , heart rate , and blood pressure all three are down and life if manageable again . 
dvd pos 695.txt i have waited years for this release to be laser scribed onto dvd- -it is here ! a very good movie . i have to say the inspector carson ( belonging to an unknown federal agency ) , character played by kurtwood smith is good if not great acting . he epitomizes the sort of corrupt fellow we all love to hate . his lines in the movie ( particularly when he and border patrol agent bobby logan , kris kristofferson ) discuss ' politics ' during a stakeout are sheer unadulterated cynicism at the nuttiest best . the conspiracy flakes have probably adopted these lines as their mantra... . great bit part acting by rip torn , roberts blossom ( as the desert rat ) , tess harper and the young and sultry jean smart . kris kristofferson does a great job with his lines and acting capacity and treat williams does ok as well . anyone who has been in law enforcement- -or any other supervisory capacity for that matter- -has seen the idiocy and vacuum headedness of the supervisor depicted in the movie of the border patrol : totally inept . the soundtrack by tangerine dream is one of my all time favorites because it fits the movie seamlessly and draws you into the scenes . a must see movie . 
dvd pos 24.txt we have the kind of family where we promised that all ex 's and all family children , blood related or not , would be family . people think i 'm strange because my friendship with my husband 's ex and her family is so important to me . she was visiting us and our granddaughter in ontario , can , she lives in l.a. and she wakens to classical music every morning . i decided to put on concert for george , which always brings me to tears , but she never took her eyes off of the screen . she especially enjoyed ravi shankar and his daughter 's opening to the concert and educated us on what the music meant . as i told my husband...no person i have shared this dvd with has ever left it with a ' so what ' opinion . they all loved it and i think , most of my friends have it by now , beatle lovers or not . thanks to all who made this a tribute to george , but also a way to educate people about his talents , his many , many friends , his loving wife and son , all of whom , obviously adored george and his music , as do i....and my close friend mary 
software pos 902.txt this is a great product to manage your email , calendar , and contacts . this program has great power and features and is now much easier to use . 
health pos 951.txt bought it works really good , such a fun thing to have laying around , and was very pleased well worth the $50 it costed me at brookstone 
camera neg 835.txt not seeing many reviews , i 'm writing this as a warning . this mic is horrible . i bought it to get rid of the & quot ; motor noise&quot ; from my canon optura pi , as many others have . when i listen now , the sound is much worse . you can barely hear people speak over the loud humming.. . this mic is horrible 
software neg 330.txt i bought this software to print my christmas cards and much to my dismay , it did not print properly on my hp inkjet printer . i tried various settings with the same bad results and finally had to contact tech support via email . here is the reply : " thank you for contacting hallmark technical support . we apologize for any difficulties that you may have had with our software . this is a newly found issue with the program . the developers are currently working on an update that will correct this . they said that the update should be out around christmas . please routinely check for new updates by going to the help menu and selecting the check for updates option . when an update is available , you will be informed and it should automatically install the update . " this is a " printing " software so when it does not print properly , it indicates that the software was not tested properly or simply the publisher expect the users to be beta-testers ! if some other features that did not work , it may be excused , but this bug is unexcusable ! i am sure the software developers will have the software bugs fixed , but at the meantime do n't be a beta-tester , buy someting else . humbug ! 
camera pos 159.txt yep , it extends the eyepiece out a little bit ... which helps those of us with noses not smudge the lcd display ... but it also distorts the view in an annoying way . i use mine on occasion ... but not all the time 
dvd pos 753.txt i feel some of the other reviews here are unjust and over exagerated . there were two places in the film that in total lasted maybe about five minutes where the sound was distorted , but not badly since you could still understand the characters clearly ( ex. one area had a warpy vhs noise and the second had a bit of low static ) . the costumes were well selected , but i felt a better job could have been done on the rats and the lizard ( you can see a gap where the costume ends on his face ) . this version follows the book well , though it left out a favorite qoute about the taste of the liquid in the first scene that she drinks from the " drink me " bottle . i also felt that the british accents in the movie enhanced the film . i recomend this to fans and people who are n't overly critical of films 
health pos 877.txt i love this product . it just tastes great especially with milk . 
software neg 658.txt this program causes my computers to blue screen . trend micro has been contacted twice , but have not responded 
software pos 471.txt this product is very superior over prior versions.it plays back your text in your own voice.my accuracy has improved in dragon naturallyspeaking 9 over other previous versions i have used . having been familiar with prior programs voice to text , it was easy to implement.it was a good investment . the product came promptly , and with no hassles 
music neg 405.txt their basically what would happen if you took p.o.d 's lyrics , and then added boring 1 chord riffs repeated throughout the whole song followed by the singer screaming the top of his head off about god and self-loathing in a noise-bleed inducing pre-pubescent girl voice , so you have a band so bad it makes god himself want to commit suicide . the song titles are also annoyingly bad , obviously made so they sound artistically genius ( but instead monotonous ) . and to everyone who thinks these guys are metal , they deserve to be buried alive . metal is fear factory , lamb of god , in flames , and arch enemy . these guys are about as metal as maroon 5. 
health pos 886.txt i bought this to go with my ms2-200bpt shaver . i saw a review that said that it kept the shaver running well . i 've been using it for about 1 month and i could n't agree more . a quick spray on the cutters after shaving , and the next time i use it , it runs like new . i can tell the difference in the smoothness and speed of the shaver since i 've started using it . as a bonus , it seems to last quite a while . another strong product from remington 
software pos 682.txt i chose office ultimate 2007 as it seemed to not only have everything i could possibly need to run a business , but also easy functionality that would keep me from pulling my hair out because of software or design issues . ultimate 2007 certainly does n't disappoint ! - set up was fairly easy : two disks came with the package . disk one contains most of the software and disk two contains applications that guarantee that you are the owner of the software and have the right to all of the accounting and key business functions . - ribbon technology removes the old " hunt and find " menu method ( although for those of us that took the time to memorize and learn the location of every buttom and drop-down it did take a day or two to get used to the new set up ) . - integration with the web and other programs is virtually seemless . - excel is no longer the chore it once was because of the above mentioned ribbon . - accounting software is included . - ink and crossword . i 'm not one for games on my business pc , but for anyone that likes to doodle or zone out with crosswords , ultimate lives up to its name by including an art program designed for pen users and excellent crosswords . - onenote . i like post-its ( perhaps a little too much *l* ) and always used the post-it note software on my business computer to keep notes . i used onenote 2003 sparingly because i simply found the post-it note software easier to use on my desktop , but...with my tablet pc one note 2007 added a new dimension to my notetaking that i feel will work well with my business : the earlier mentioned web and application integration and handwriting to text functionality . i may still use post-it now and then for quick notes or perhaps the windows " stickys , " but the long note pages , pasting of images and other web info , and pen to paper note taking makes this product invaluable . - word . what can i say ? this is my primary software tool and i use it on a tablet pc . the 2007 applications were made for my computer type . i can easily click on formatting tools with the touch of my wacom pen and i do n't have to stop mid-thought to make a change or wait until i finish the document to then make my edits . - powerpoint , publisher , access , groove , infopath et cetera ( also included ) : i am still delving into these , but they appear to have all of the perks of the other programs . so , did i have any dislikes ? 1. the ink program does n't respond to my wacom pen as well as the windows journal or microsoft onenote . it also does n't have easy to use tools within the software . since it was an " extra " and will not be my primary desktop publishing , design , or art tool - i 'll probably remove it at some point from my tablet . 2. microsoft does not include an instruction manual or reference book with this program . as a result , after installation of the first disk and microsoft 's statement that all of my programs were installed , i could n't find my accounting software , had no idea that the accounting software was on the second disk ( the second disk , when loaded , does n't mention that the software is on the disk until after the software installation is complete and instead mentions other business applications ) , and wasted over an hour trying to find it . also , i 'm a " hands on " person and although i have access to the internet whenever i need it , i enjoy having an actual book in my hands from time-to-time while learning . ultimate is made with enough simplicity that a manual is n't really necessary ( i.e. most questions can be answered by the " help " window ) , but...for the hefty price tag , i do n't think it would have been too much to ask microsoft to include a basic " this is how you install the programs and this is what to expect " booklet . also note : athough microsoft , through their downloads e-mail updates , provided a " getting started " tab with a " how-to " for each major software applications , the tabs had to be added " after the fact " and many of you might find yourselves frustrated with the lack of upfront instructions on how to use the software . beside those few quirks , i fully stand behind my 5 star rating of this product and purchasing this product through amazon ( i.e. amazon 's pricing was less than the big boy retailers or online vendors ) . shipping turnaround with super saver : 2 days . 
dvd neg 765.txt so this was the breakout movie for mira sorvino , the one that earned her an academy award for best supporting actress in 1995. this movie , and mira sorvino 's performance in it , was so bad that after it was over , i just had to find out who her competitors were for the 1995 best supporting actress category . let 's see.....according to wikipedia they were : kathleen quinlin ( " apollo 13 " - a fairly standard worried-wife-of-astronaut-in-danger role ) , mare winningham ( " georgia " - did not see this one ) , joan allen ( " nixon " - did not see , but how hard can it be to play the wooden pat nixon ? ) , and kate winslet ( " sense and sensibilities " - did not see either , but ang lee was robbed by the academy here also ) . it only proves just how few good roles there are for women in today 's hollywood that mira sorvino could win an oscar for this sort of performance . and i was beginning to warm up to her , too - she was great in " romy and michele 's high school reunion " , and terrific also in " beautiful girls " . so , what exactly is so bad about this movie ? here 's a brief list : 1. mira sorvino plays the entire movie in a high-pitched falsetto that sounds like her voice is breaking . another reviewer described this as similar to listening to fingernails on a blackboard . maybe in 1995 , because she was new , the academy did n't realize that this was n't her real voice and took pity on her... . 2. stupid plot device of the greek chorus . 3. stupid happy ending with a twist . 4. lots of profanity and dialogue that includes explicit descriptions of sex acts done in pornography movies.....while this movie is not itself a porn flick , the explicit details of the porn industry included in the dialogue definitely makes it not a movie for families to watch . 5. odd sight of a very old and wrinkly woody allen ( with dyed hair and bald spot ) making out with two women young enough to be his granddaughters.....all right , so i 'm just jealous - woody still looks gross... . 6. cliched , poorly developed characters , a plotline that goes around in circles , and lots and lots of pointless , unfunny dialogue . in summary , this movie is bad , bad , bad..... . 
camera pos 501.txt product is excellent . however when using in motion , whether on bike or vehicle , it is difficult to grip and falls off hand . in addition , the " mode / menu " button is accidentally hit or depressed by your thumb while in motion 
music neg 723.txt the raising arizona part of the cd is almost exclusively electronic and only one 90 second track of the great banjo that i remember from the movie . i recommend listening to samples before you buy 
dvd pos 68.txt francis ford coppola 's apocalypse now is a pure example of method filmmaking . it is the true craftmanship of an essential filmmaker . the art direction , editing and sound effects are partially a small fragment which makes this film classical and memorable . what drives the integrity and semblance of the film is the storyline , acting and inner message . the inner message evidently enough is that war is hell , or in other words , hell is war . not many directors have the ambition or the true courage to establish such a well-defined piece of art . european filmmakers would n't have the slightest problem of directing the film or throw in their personal feelings about the war . what is most interesting is that an american filmmaker spoke his style and the style of the film 's collaborators through the continuance of the film . the plot is fairly simple and brief , adapted by joseph conrad 's heart of darkness . martin sheen plays the role of captain willard , a war-torn character who does not see any hope in life or humanity anymore . he has a mission and it is to capture a presumed colonel kurtz ( marlon brando ) who has fabricated an army of existensial soldiers on the outskirts of the cambodian jungle . throughout the film we encounter astonishing sequences . the most unforgettable is the dawn helicopter attacks . robert duvall 's character colonel kilgore is a steady and firm example of the basic american army brain : to search and destroy and then destroy some more if it includes yourself . the children walk about the playground , oblivious to any danger . the helicopters come into view from the dawning sea ; millions of sprinkle reflect from the water , we hear the helicopter 's engines roar from the horizon and soon enough we are stuck in a messy attack . throughout the sequence we hear wagner 's ' ride of the valkyries' . it is method filmmaking . the starting sequence is as fascinating as the rest of the movie ; a beautiful scene of palm trees blowing in the ragged wind and seconds away from being inflamed with a carpet bombing . let 's not forget the scene where the soldiers of the boat in which sheen travels in , stop an innocent upcoming boat , suspecting them to be vietcongs and carrying artilleries . then they spark off a heavy scene of shooting in which all of the passengers of the boat are pulverised to pieces with their crops and food savaged in the atrocity . this film has its famous moment , some better to be kept quiet about until they come through the screen . it does n't require any intellectual understanding , although the film is intellectually remarkable . the american soldiers in the vietnam war jumped into the land of a fresh governmental country , aiming to protect themselves and in the end only received death and chaos for their troops and for the majority of the country they were fighting against . it was a war gone mad , like all other wars , without purpose or dignity . it was a pure act of humanity : to destroy and restore their own greedy needs . this is a film in which there is no saviour , where it is hardly possible to find hope in the gloomiest corners and where all surroundings are plagued with the infatuations of greed , anger , foolishness and egoism . as coppola once said about the film : ' this film is n't about vietnam . this film is vietnam' . he was right to the date . during the current situations of the world , where they are trying to protect their own skin , the world should try to analyse this film as much as possible and wonder about what it is trying to represent . it is a film which does not ask for applause or damnation . it asks for realism . enjoy 
camera neg 465.txt my wife purchased this for me as a christmas present . it started displaying pixels on the screen after about 2 months . i 've called digital spectrum , sent faxes and emailed them . this has been going on for nearly a month . a real waste of money & my time 
software pos 261.txt simple and great video editing software considering it is for the normal and home user . i would say it is the beginner to intermediate user tool . i can really create fast movies very quickly . pros : easy to install easy to split / edit home videos compatible with ilink support for high definition hdv camcorders competitive price cons : user interface can be confusing at the beginning to understand and placement of workspace windows . rendering is slow . 
health neg 845.txt the glasses are well made but i found them awkward to use . they did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . the gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you 
books pos 539.txt although the photographs are dated , the material is classic . this book is a must for anyone who is involved with design or review of open spaces . it shows how people use open space and identifies the common elements of successful spaces . while the elements all seem logical , the book shows how we often fly in the face of logic when using these spaces . the book focuses primarily on plazas and small parks in new york city , but includes a section for smaller cities with low rise buildings . the information can also be applied to parks in any size town . this book is a facinating case study in social ecology 
camera pos 789.txt the lens adaptor threads on very easily and i 've not seen any loss in color or light from using this filter 
music pos 671.txt i get the sense that the fleetwoods'body of recorded work is n't given the respect it deserves . over the course of their career , the trio recorded thirteen albums and yet this collection , as good as it is , is pretty much all that 's out there on cd , save for a few other compilations that cover much of the same ground . rock and roll has always had a soft side and it 's in this area that the fleetwoods really shine . their cover of thomas wayne 's & quot ; tragedy&quot ; is an evocative slice of 1961 teen angst-i ca n't put it any other way . maybe that 's the reason why the fleetwoods are given short shrift today : they 're the perfect embodiment of a ( then ) nascent teen culture 's soft and gentle side.this collection features all of their hits , some well chosen album tracks and the original pre-overdub version of & quot ; come softly to me&quot ; . if you like this recording , try looking for their original lps . ( my personal favourite is the 1963 & quot ; goodnight my love&quot ; album . 
software pos 126.txt the product has very good themes and screen savers . some the other functions are not useful to me but hopefully i will use them in the future 
software pos 655.txt at home , i 've been a mac user since 1991. i also have been something of a linux fanatic too and have used several distros , mostly red hat and now fedora core . at work , however i have used ms-dos , windows 3.11 , 95 , 98 and xp . it 's fair to say i have never liked microsoft . but on a laptop i use at work ( an older gateway 400vtx with a 2.2ghz intel celeron ) , i just upgraded to vista home basic . i also upgraded the memory to its maximum 1gb . and despite my years of eschewing microsoft , guess what ? i must say i really like the os . it runs fine on my slower system and i had no problems installing and no conflicts with drivers . i think microsoft has really made a " cool " os 
music pos 75.txt 1978 the stage is set for an album to emerge out of the crumbling decay that is the city of cleveland . just like their other fellow ohion 's devo , the guys in pere ubu obviously saw the world in a slightly different way.i have owned this recording in various formats since 1980 and i have never grown tired of this album . i find this album to have an almost timless quality in that even though it was recorded over 25 years ago , if the original band itself tried to go back into the studio and re-record it , it just would'nt happen . there is just a certain magic that they captured in 1978 , as to the music itself i tend to break - up this album into 2 distinct parts . side one being the more accessible " drunken " side with more garage style sounds almost punk rock in its leanings guitar wise , but a little too intelligent , just listen to the lyrics.side 2 is definately the " drug " side like a bad acid trip vocalist david thomas takes you on a journey thru the seedy back streets of cleveland ( i have never heard smashing bottles sound so creepy or atmospheric ) and the rest of the band help to re-inforce this craziness by going off in a million different directions.i could give you a track by track anylisis of this record but suffice to say that music is somethig you should anylize , experience and consume at your own leisure , and then form your own opion of what each of the songs on this album mean to you . so if you loved things like throbbing gristle 's song hamburger lady then u will surely love pere ubu 's album the mordern dance.as another reviewer mentioned before black francis of the pixies fame must have almost certainly listened to these guys.i also hear there influences in recent bands such as portishead and queens of the stone age just to name a few.so if you enjoy bold experimental music that is still as fresh sounding as it was in 1978 then give your ears a chance to have a listen to this album , even if you have to beg , steal or borrow it . 